ActsAsSeekable
==============

This plugin allows you to make your models seekable (searchable) by combining
filter params with order and search params. The values in the order and search params
will be used as lambda values for ordered_by and search named_scopes. Values in the
filter param will be treated as named_scopes. Since this plugin works based on
named_scopes, it will add an all_records and ordered_by named_scope to all models that have acts_as_seekable in them, you must create your own search named_scope for the seek (search) functionality to work and aditional named_scope for each filter you want.
When sending the filter param to the seek method, it is very important that you have
a named_scope called like the value of the parameter, or else it wont work.
You can specify if your seach will be paginated or not, it will use mislav-will_paginate
plugin to perform pagination, if you don't that gem installed acts_as_seekable
will ingnore the :paginate param.


Example
=======

  Example with mislav-will_paginate:

    acts_as_seekable :paginate => true
          or
    acts_as_seekable :paginate => :true
          or
    acts_as_seekable :paginate => "true"

    named_scope :search, lambda { |search| conditions.... }


  ----------------------------------------------------------------

  Example without mislav-will_paginate:

    acts_as_seekable   #short way
          or
    acts_as_seekable :paginate => false #long way
          or
    acts_as_seekable :paginate => :false #long way
          or
    acts_as_seekable :paginate => "false" #long way

    named_scope :search, lambda { |search| conditions.... }


  -----------------------------------------------------------------

For a full example of an application working with acts_as_seekable visit
 http://github.com/gusortiz/acts_as_seekable_example

Copyright (c) 2009 Gustavo Adrian Ortiz Monroy, released under the MIT license

MIT license
===========

Copyright (c) 2009 Gustavo Adrian Ortiz Monroy

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
